Oh, my lord, I'm the only one who knows this.
I'm glad that no one else is watching.
Please hurry and get off the train.
What are you talking about?
I'm not a man of the world.
I don't have any other means of living.
I killed one man.
I'm going to commit a sin.
The guests of the young maiden in Wakamatsu are people.
I'll be given to the court tomorrow.
I'll be forced to die.
I'll do it tomorrow.
It's a waste.
Gugu Mey was a billionaire when he came to
I almost won't farewell him if I die.
I would rather ready my heart to take my destination.
I春myouko was troubled by that takipumbling,
while waiting for the opportunity.
Please kill me, if you have to.
Just one time.
You are no longer pregnant.
How can you wash away the whils of child Yoon Su-man's suffering?
Are you willing to die under your father's!...
I'm not surprised, but I've been traced by the world you proportional.
I have been living.
from how my heart was flying
as soon as I heard there was a farewell to this circles,
all without a word...
Thank you for watching!